Add changelog entry and update package.json (#66)
IronCoreLabs/tenant-security-client-nodejs: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.3.0

> -   Added `KmsException` for KmsThrottled. Need TSP 4.4.1+ to make use of this.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Added `KmsException` for `KmsThrottled`.

### Compatibility

This new error code will only be returned by TSP 4.4.1+.
```
